index.md, before:

---
layout: blocks
title: Depth First Learning Fellowship
date: 2018-11-20 23:00:00 +0000
page_sections:
- template: navigation-header
  block: header-1
  logo: "/uploads/2018/10/11/Depth First Learning icon by rotated.png"
- template: hero-banner-w-image
  block: hero-2
  headline: Depth First Learning Fellowship
  content: 'We''re Avital, Surya, and Cinjon from Google Brain, DeepMind, FAIR, and
    NYU, and we''re launching the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Depth
    First Learning Fellowship</span> to help more students and researchers lead their
    own independent study groups.'
  cta:
    enabled: true
    url: https://github.com/forestryio/ubuild-jekyll
    button_text: Apply Now
  image:
    image: "/uploads/2018/10/11/Depth First Learning icon by rotated.png"
    alt_text: DFL x Jane St.
  background_image: ''
  background_color: "#50B2E3"
  undefined: "/uploads/2018/10/11/Depth First Learning icon by rotated.png"
- template: content-feature
  block: feature-1
  media_alignment: Right
  headline: A year ago, we reimagined how we study deep topics in machine learning.
  content: As part of our time during the Google AI Residency, we wanted to find a
    better way to study and understand important machine learning papers and ideas.
    We found that many papers often assumed a set of requisite knowledge, which prevented
    us from deeply appreciating the contribution or novelty of the work. <br><br>To
    this end, we designed <a href="https://www.depthfirstlearning.com/"><strong>Depth
    First Learning</strong></a>, a pedagogy for diving deep by carefully tailoring
    a curriculum around a particular ML paper or concept and leading small, focused
    discussion groups. So far, we've created guides for <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/InfoGAN">InfoGAN</a>,
    <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/TRPO">TRPO</a>, <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/AlphaGoZero">AlphaGoZero</a>,
    and <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/DeepStack">DeepStack</a><strong>.</strong>
  media:
    image: "/uploads/2018/11/07/Screen Shot 2018-11-07 at 6.37.08 PM.png"
    alt_text: ''
- template: content-feature
  block: feature-1
  media_alignment: Left
  content: 1. A small self-contained group convenes online to understand a particular
    paper in depth with one or two preselected group guides.<br><br>2. The guides
    plan ahead, writing a document that maps the dependencies from the target paper
    back to sound source material and problems sets.<br><br>3. The group discusses
    the dependencies over 5-6 weekly sessions. They write up solutions to problems
    and add comments on the document itself, creating a living representation of their
    understanding.<br><br><strong>At the end, the document is made public, and all
    of the credit goes to the guides and the group.</strong>
  headline: Here's how DFL works
  media:
    image: "/uploads/2018/11/07/Screen Shot 2018-11-07 at 6.38.24 PM.png"
- template: content-feature
  block: feature-1
  media_alignment: Right
  headline: Growing DFL with your help.
  content: Since our launch, we’ve received very positive feedback from students and
    researchers around the world. Now, we want to run new, online classes around the
    world.<br><br>
  media:
    image: "/uploads/2018/11/07/Screen Shot 2018-11-07 at 6.45.38 PM.png"
- template: 3-column-text
  block: three-column-1
  col_1:
    content: '<img src="/ubuild-jekyll/uploads/2018/10/31/user.png"> <span style="text-decoration:
      underline;">Ashish Vaswani</span> (Senior Research Scientist, Google Brain,
      first author of “Attention is all you need”): <strong><em>"This is so wonderful
      -- finally, a one stop shop for understanding fundamental topics building up
      to important machine learning papers, at depth."</em></strong>'
    headline: ''
    undefined: "/uploads/2018/11/07/ashish.jpeg"
  col_2:
    content: '<img src="/ubuild-jekyll/uploads/2018/10/31/user.png"> <span style="text-decoration:
      underline;">Nal Kalchbrenner</span> (Staff Research Scientist, Google Brain,
      ex-DeepMind, author of PixelRNN, WaveNet, WaveRNN): <strong><em>“You’re building
      the book on modern machine learning.”</em></strong>'
    headline: ''
    undefined: "/uploads/2018/11/07/nal.jpeg"
  col_3:
    content: '<img src="/ubuild-jekyll/uploads/2018/10/31/user.png" style="max-width:
      100%; max-height: 100%" /> <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Peter (Xi)
      Chen</span> (CEO of Covariant.AI, ex-OpenAI, first author of InfoGAN): <strong><em>“Awesome
      initiative - we can use a lot more resources like this in our community."</em></strong>'
    headline: ''
    undefined: "/uploads/2018/11/07/peter.jpg"
- template: 1-column-text
  block: one-column-1
  background: "#999999"
  headline: "<hr/> <br/>\t<span style='font-size: 200%'>Announcing the Depth First
    Learning Fellowship</span>"
  content: "<div style='background-color: #ffc; padding-top: 20px; padding-bottom:
    20px; width; 700px;'><div style='max-width: 660px; margin-right: auto; margin-left:
    auto'><p>We are looking for guides to lead new DFL study groups, each based around
    a high-quality curricula for a particular paper or concept in machine learning.
    </p> <br /> <p> Towards this end, we are launching the Depth First Learning fellowship.
    Chosen fellows will each be given a <strong>$4000 grant</strong>, to help them
    design the curricula for a DFL class, that will be held over 4-6 weeks remotely
    over video conferencing. </p> <br /> <p> We will support each group by finding
    6-8 motivated students with the relevant background experience, and connecting
    fellows with experts in the field to act as advisors.</p></div></div><br/><br/><hr/>"
- template: simple-footer
  block: footer-1
  content: Please reach out to <a href="" title="">depthfirstlearning@gmail.com</a>
    for more information!
color-picker: "#FF4747"

---
foo bar

Commit message:

Candidate apply thing at the bottom

index.md, after:

---
layout: blocks
title: Depth First Learning Fellowship
date: 2018-11-20 23:00:00 +0000
page_sections:
- template: navigation-header
  block: header-1
  logo: "/uploads/2018/10/11/Depth First Learning icon by rotated.png"
- template: hero-banner-w-image
  block: hero-2
  headline: Depth First Learning Fellowship
  content: 'We''re Avital, Surya, and Cinjon from Google Brain, DeepMind, FAIR, and
    NYU, and we''re launching the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Depth
    First Learning Fellowship</span> to help more students and researchers lead their
    own independent study groups.'
  cta:
    enabled: true
    url: https://github.com/forestryio/ubuild-jekyll
    button_text: Apply Now
  image:
    image: "/uploads/2018/10/11/Depth First Learning icon by rotated.png"
    alt_text: DFL x Jane St.
  background_image: ''
  background_color: "#68BAE3"
  undefined: "/uploads/2018/10/11/Depth First Learning icon by rotated.png"
- template: content-feature
  block: feature-1
  media_alignment: Right
  headline: A year ago, we reimagined how we study deep topics in machine learning.
  content: As part of our time during the Google AI Residency, we wanted to find a
    better way to study and understand important machine learning papers and ideas.
    We found that many papers often assumed a set of requisite knowledge, which prevented
    us from deeply appreciating the contribution or novelty of the work. <br><br>To
    this end, we designed <a href="https://www.depthfirstlearning.com/"><strong>Depth
    First Learning</strong></a>, a pedagogy for diving deep by carefully tailoring
    a curriculum around a particular ML paper or concept and leading small, focused
    discussion groups. So far, we've created guides for <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/InfoGAN">InfoGAN</a>,
    <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/TRPO">TRPO</a>, <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/AlphaGoZero">AlphaGoZero</a>,
    and <a href="http://www.depthfirstlearning.com/2018/DeepStack">DeepStack</a><strong>.</strong>
  media:
    image: "/uploads/2018/11/07/Screen Shot 2018-11-07 at 6.37.08 PM.png"
    alt_text: ''
- template: content-feature
  block: feature-1
  media_alignment: Left
  content: 1. A small self-contained group convenes online to understand a particular
    paper in depth with one or two preselected group guides.<br><br>2. The guides
    plan ahead, writing a document that maps the dependencies from the target paper
    back to sound source material and problems sets.<br><br>3. The group discusses
    the dependencies over 5-6 weekly sessions. They write up solutions to problems
    and add comments on the document itself, creating a living representation of their
    understanding.<br><br><strong>At the end, the document is made public, and all
    of the credit goes to the guides and the group.</strong>
  headline: Here's how DFL works
  media:
    image: "/uploads/2018/11/07/Screen Shot 2018-11-07 at 6.38.24 PM.png"
- template: content-feature
  block: feature-1
  media_alignment: Right
  headline: Growing DFL with your help.
  content: Since our launch, we’ve received very positive feedback from students and
    researchers around the world. Now, we want to run new, online classes around the
    world.<br><br>
  media:
    image: "/uploads/2018/11/07/Screen Shot 2018-11-07 at 6.45.38 PM.png"
- template: 3-column-text
  block: three-column-1
  col_1:
    content: '<img src="/ubuild-jekyll/uploads/2018/10/31/user.png"> <span style="text-decoration:
      underline;">Ashish Vaswani</span> (Senior Research Scientist, Google Brain,
      first author of “Attention is all you need”): <strong><em>"This is so wonderful
      -- finally, a one stop shop for understanding fundamental topics building up
      to important machine learning papers, at depth."</em></strong>'
    headline: ''
    undefined: "/uploads/2018/11/07/ashish.jpeg"
  col_2:
    content: '<img src="/ubuild-jekyll/uploads/2018/10/31/user.png"> <span style="text-decoration:
      underline;">Nal Kalchbrenner</span> (Staff Research Scientist, Google Brain,
      ex-DeepMind, author of PixelRNN, WaveNet, WaveRNN): <strong><em>“You’re building
      the book on modern machine learning.”</em></strong>'
    headline: ''
    undefined: "/uploads/2018/11/07/nal.jpeg"
  col_3:
    content: '<img src="/ubuild-jekyll/uploads/2018/10/31/user.png" style="max-width:
      100%; max-height: 100%" /> <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Peter (Xi)
      Chen</span> (CEO of Covariant.AI, ex-OpenAI, first author of InfoGAN): <strong><em>“Awesome
      initiative - we can use a lot more resources like this in our community."</em></strong>'
    headline: ''
    undefined: "/uploads/2018/11/07/peter.jpg"
- template: 1-column-text
  block: one-column-1
  background: "#999999"
  headline: "<hr/> <br/>	<span style='font-size: 200%'>Announcing the Depth First Learning Fellowship</span>"
  content: "<div style='background-color: #ffd; padding-top: 30px; padding-bottom: 40px; max-width: 740px; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; padding-left: 30px; padding-right: 30px';><div style='max-width: 660px; margin-right: auto; margin-left: auto'><p>We are looking for guides to lead new DFL study groups, each based around
a high-quality curricula for a particular paper or concept in machine learning.
</p>
<br />
<p>
Towards this end, we are launching
the Depth First Learning fellowship. Chosen fellows will each be given a <strong>$4000 grant</strong>,
to help them design the curricula for a DFL class, that will be held over 4-6 weeks remotely over video conferencing.
</p>
<br />
<p>
We will support each group by finding
6-8 motivated students with the relevant background experience, and connecting fellows
with
experts in the field to act as advisors.</p>
<br/>
<p>
<strong>A great candidate would:</strong><br/>
Brains<br/>
Brawns<br/>

<br />
<p>
<a class='button primary' href='/foo' target='_blank'>Apply Now</a>
</p>
</div></div><br/><br/><hr/>"
- template: simple-footer
  block: footer-1
  content: Feel free to reach out to <a href="" title="">depthfirstlearning@gmail.com</a>
    for more information!
color-picker: "#FF4747"

---
foo bar
